## 1.2.1
## (2015.MM.DD)

* Skip (instead of blowing up on) modules lacking a `__file__` attribute (such
  as Python 3's builtin `_io` module) during test discovery.
* Handle a map expression more appropriately under Python 3 so `--tests=xxx`
  actually works instead of silently selecting no tests.

## 1.2.0
### (2015.04.14)

* Add `--timing-threshold` option for configuring the threshold of
  `--with-timing`.

## 1.1.0
### (2015.04.11)

* Calculate runtime of tests and add display of same (non-colorized, to stand
  out better from the colorized test names themselves). This uses the 'status'
  field of test display methods, which didn't seem to be used much previously.

  Use the new `--with-timing` flag to enable this feature.

## 1.0.0
### (2015.03.12)

* Bump to 1.0 because it's been out for some time & I can't afford major
  backwards incompat changes because of that - so being pre-1.0 is silly.
* Don't accidentally discard return values of functions wrapped with `@trap`.
* Offer an improved version of `nose.tools.eq_` which prints both `str()` and
  `repr()` style output of the compared strings.

## 0.11.3
### (2015.01.02)

* Use `__mro__` instead of `mro()` in hopes of appeasing PyPy 2.4.

## 0.11.2
### (2014.12.10)

* Update license file (which had been initialized as BSD) to be consistent with the README and packaging metadata (which said MIT). Bluh. Thanks to Eduardo Téllez for the catch.

## 0.11.1
### (2013.04.14)

* Fix a bug re: using `@trap` under Python 3

## 0.11.0
### (2013.04.14)

* Update Nose dependency links in `setup.py`
* Fix #30: allow access to outer/parent classes within nested classes (when
  using classes as a visual nesting mechanism).
* Also document the class nesting mechanism (despite it being around for quite
  some time...)

## 0.10.0
### (2013.03.15)

* Python 3 support!

## 0.9.7
### (2012.07.12)

* Add `@trap` decorator to allow trapping stdout/stderr for certain tests.
* Strip whitespace from docstrings used as test names, to avoid clunky looking
  output.


## 0.9.6
### (2012.06.07)

* Add number of skipped tests to successful summary output. Previously, number
  of skipped tests was only printed when other failures occurred.
* Add `@hide` decorator to explicitly mark functions as not being tests, thanks
  to Maciej Konieczny for the initial work.
* Auto-hide `setup` and `teardown` methods/functions so they aren't run as /
  shown as tests themselves. Thanks again to Maciej for the initial pull
  request.
* Refactor `spec`'s relaxed test discovery so it can be invoked as its own Nose
  plugin/option (though `spec` the program still has its own use and still
  exists.) Thanks to Marc Abramowitz (and thanks to him also for some minor
  internal refactorings & project support tweaks.)

## 0.9.5
### (2012.03.07)

* Use `nose.core.main` instead of `nose.core.run` so `spec` exits with nonzero
  return values upon test failure.

## 0.9.4
### (2012.03.07)

* Make sure `spec` does not blow up when no `tests/` directory exists. Fixes
  #14. Thanks to Janne Härkönen for the patch.
* Filter out `.pyc` files when selecting tests. Fixes #15; thanks again to
  Janne.
* Actually skip leading-underscore files; implementation did not match docs.
* Add support for nested inner classes as recursive contexts.
* Add command-line option to disable our automatic toggle of the built-in
  `--detailed-errors` flag.
* Tweak color scheme so purples became reds.
* Remove old Nose-style SKIPPED/FAILED/etc suffixes when showing spec
  format.
* Re-integrate support for individual test module targeting (`--tests=<path>`).

## 0.9.3
#### (2011.11.06)

* Print skipped test count in summary. (#5)
* Only print `<type>=<count>` error counts in summary for nonzero counts (i.e.
  never print e.g. `(failures=0, ...)`.)
* Don't use custom test selection in `spec` tool if user passes in common Nose
  selection options such as `--where=` or `--tests=`.
* Refactor of internal colorization functions. (#7)
* Filter out trailing underscores from class names when printing spec output
  (so e.g. `class MyClass_` shows up as `MyClass` and not `MyClass_`.) (#8)

## 0.9.2
#### (2011.11.02)

* PEP8 overhaul (I never audited the original source for PEP8 compliancy :()
  courtesy of Douglas Soares de Andrade. (#3)
* Docstrings-as-test-identifiers now `strip()`'d, also thanks to Douglas.
* Implement Rudolf-inspired traceback and summary colorization. (#1)

## 0.9.1
#### (2011.10.30)

* Switch from single module to a package.
* Add 'spec' CLI runner tool.

## 0.9.0
#### (2011.10.30)

* Import original Pinocchio/Spec codebase.
* Trim down to just 'spec' plugin.
* Nose 1.x fixes.
* Python 2.7 fixes.
* Packaging, docs, internal tests all overhauled.
* Set colorized output as the default behavior.
