# spec

## What is it?

`spec` is a Python testing tool that turns this:

<pre style="background-color: #000; color: #FFF;">
TestMyClass.test_has_an_attribute ... ok
TestMyClass.test_should_perform_some_action ... FAIL
TestMyClass.test_can_stand_on_its_head ... SKIP
</pre>

into this:

<pre style="background-color: #000; color: #FFF;">
MyClass
- <span style="color: green">has an attribute</span>
- <span style="color: purple">should perform some action</span>
- <span style="color: yellow">can stand on its head</span>
</pre>

Specifically, `spec` provides:

* Colorized, specification style output
* Colorized tracebacks and summary
* Optional CLI tool which enables useful non-default options and implements
  relaxed test discovery for less `test_annoying.py:TestBoilerplate.test_code`
  and more `readable.py:Classes.and_methods`.

## Details

`spec` is a [BDD](http://behavior-driven.org)-esque
[nose](http://nose.readthedocs.org) plugin designed to provide "specification"
style test output (similar to Java's
[TestDox](http://agiledox.sourceforge.net/) or Ruby's
[RSpec](https://www.relishapp.com/rspec)). Spec-style output provides a more
structured view of what your tests assert, compared to `nose`/`unittest`'s
default "flat" mode of operation.

For example, this `nose`-style test module:

```python
class TestShape(object):
    def test_has_sides(self):
        pass

    def test_can_calculate_its_perimeter(self):
        pass

class TestSquare(object):
    def test_is_a_shape(self):
        pass

    def test_has_four_sides(self):
        pass

    def test_has_sides_of_equal_length(self):
        pass
```

normally tests like so, in a single flat list:

    TestShape.test_has_sides ... ok
    TestShape.test_can_calculate_its_perimeter ... ok
    TestSquare.test_has_four_sides ... ok
    TestSquare.test_has_sides_of_equal_length ... ok
    TestSquare.test_is_a_shape ... ok

With `spec` enabled (`--with-spec`), the tests are visually grouped by class,
and the member names are tweaked to read more like regular English:

    Shape
    - has sides
    - can calculate its perimeter

    Square
    - has four sides
    - has sides of equal length
    - is a shape

In other words:

* Class-based tests are arranged with the class name as the subject, and the
  methods as the specifications;
* Any module-level tests are arranged with the module name as the subject;
* `CamelCaseNames` (typically classes) have any leading/trailing `Test`
  stripped, as well as any trailing underscore;
* `underscored_names` have any leading/trailing `test` (with its attached
  underscore) stripped;


## Test runner

`spec` also ships with a same-name command-line tool which may be used as a
more liberal `nosetests`. In addition to toggling a number of useful default
options (such as `nose`'s builtin `--detailed-errors`) `spec`-the-program will
honor any and all public objects defined within your project's `tests`
directory, meaning any file, function or class whose name does not begin with
an underscore (`'_'`) and which is defined locally.

For example, given the following code inside `tests/feature_name.py`:

```python
from external_module import a_function, AClass

def _helper_function(args):
    return a_function(args)

class _Parent(object):
    def this_will_not_get_tested():
        pass

class Feature(_Parent):
    def should_have_some_attribute(self):
        _helper_function(AClass)

    def does_something_awesome(self):
        self._helper_method()

    def _helper_method(self):
        pass

def something_tested_by_itself_outside_a_class():
    pass
```

only the following items will be picked up as test cases:

* `Feature.should_have_some_attribute`
* `Feature.does_something_awesome`
* `something_tested_by_itself_outside_a_class`

The imported function and class, the underscored functions/methods, and the
methods inherited from a parent class, are all ignored.

### Usage tips

Following from `spec`-the-tool's discovery algorithm, and `spec`-the-plugin's
name transformation, we suggest the following for both readable code and test
output:

* Store tests in `tests/`, with whatever file-by-file organization you like
  best;
* Within files, import the classes under test normally, e.g. `from mymodule
  import MyClass`;
* Name the test classes identically, but with a trailing underscore to avoid
  name collisions, e.g. `class MyClass_(object): [...]`
* Name their methods like English sentences, e.g. `def has_attribute_X(self):
  [...]`.

For example:

```python
from mypackage import MyClass, MyOtherClass

class MyClass_(object):
    def has_attribute_A(self):
        pass

class MyOtherClass_(object):
    def also_has_attribute_A(self):
        pass

    def has_attribute_B(self):
        pass
```

tests as:

```
MyClass
- has attribute A

MyOtherClass
- also has attribute A
- has attribute B
```


## Activation / command-line use

After installation via `setup.py`, `pip` or what have you, `nosetests` will
expose these new additional options/flags:

* `--with-spec`: enables the plugin and prints out your tests in specification
  format. Also automatically sets `--verbose` (i.e. the spec output is a
  verbose format.)
* `--no-spec-color`: disables color output. Normally, successes are green,
  failures/errors are red, and
  [skipped](http://nose.readthedocs.org/en/latest/plugins/skip.html) tests are
  yellow.
* `--spec-doctests`: enables (experimental) support for doctests.


## Why would I want to use it?

Specification-style output can make large test suites easier to read, and like any other BDD tool, it's more about framing the way we think about (and view) our tests, and less about introducing new technical methods for writing them.


## Where did it come from?

`spec` is heavily based on the `spec` plugin for Titus Brown's
[pinocchio](http://darcs.idyll.org/~t/projects/pinocchio/doc/#spec-generate-test-description-from-test-class-method-names)
set of Nose extensions. Said plugin was originally written by Michal
Kwiatkowski. Both `pinocchio` and its `spec` plugin are copyright &copy; 2007
in the above two gentlemen's names, respectively.

This version of the plugin was created and distributed by Jeff Forcier, &copy;
2011. It tweaks the original source to be Python 2.7 compatible, based on
[similar](https://github.com/unpluggd/pinocchio/commit/de30d5f7868280a2b9e3545c48e68dd0d9a343a0)
[changes](https://github.com/bitprophet/rudolf/commit/7c872e7deeff622de62a439b8e4dd807047c095e).
It also fixes a handful of bugs such as broken
[SkipTest](http://nose.readthedocs.org/en/latest/plugins/skip.html)
compatibility under Nose 1.x, and then adds some additional functionality on
top (most notably the `spec` command-line tool.)


## What's the license?

Because this is heavily derivative of `pinocchio`, `spec` is licensed the same
way -- under the [MIT
license](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).
